Interceptor improvements (#656)
Phobos-developers/Phobos: docs/New-or-Enhanced-Logics.md

![image](_static/images/projectile-interception-01.gif)  
*Interception logic used in [Tiberium Crisis](https://www.moddb.com/mods/tiberium-crisis) mod*

> - Projectiles can now be made interceptable by certain TechnoTypes by setting `Interceptable=true` on them. The TechnoType scans for interceptable projectiles within a range if it has no other target and will use one of its weapons to shoot at them. Note that the interceptor weapon may need `AG` and/or `AA` set to true on its projectile to be able to target projectiles depending on their elevation from ground. Projectiles can define `Armor` and `Strength`. Weapons that cannot target the projectile's armor type will not attempt to intercept it. On interception, if the projectile has `Armor` set, an amount equaling to the intercepting weapon's `Damage` adjusted by Warhead `Verses` and the TechnoType's firepower multipliers is deducted from the projectile's current strength. Regardless of if the current projectile strength was reduced or not, if it sits at 0 or below after interception, the projectile is detonated.
>   - `Interceptor.Weapon` determines the weapon (0 = `Primary`, 1 = `Secondary`) to be used for intercepting projectiles.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Projectiles can now be made interceptable by certain TechnoTypes by setting `Interceptable=true` on them. The TechnoType scans for interceptable projectiles within a range if it has no other target and will use one of its weapons to shoot at them. Projectiles can define `Armor` and `Strength`. Weapons that cannot target the projectile's armor type will not attempt to intercept it. On interception, if the projectile has `Armor` set, an amount equaling to the intercepting weapon's `Damage` adjusted by Warhead `Verses` and the TechnoType's firepower multipliers is deducted from the projectile's current strength. Regardless of if the current projectile strength was reduced or not, if it sits at 0 or below after interception, the projectile is detonated.
  - `Interceptor.Weapon` determines the weapon (0 = `Primary`, 1 = `Secondary`) to be used for intercepting projectiles.
    - The interceptor weapon may need `AG` and/or `AA` set to true on its projectile to be able to target projectiles depending on their elevation from ground. If you don't set those then the weapon won't be able to target low-flying or high-flying projectiles respectively.
```

  - `Crit.AffectsBelowPercent` can be used to set minimum percentage of their maximum `Strength` that targets must have left to be affected by a critical hit.
  - `Crit.AnimList` can be used to set a list of animations used instead of Warhead's `AnimList` if Warhead deals a critical hit to even one target. If `Crit.AnimList.PickRandom` is set (defaults to `AnimList.PickRandom`) then the animation is chosen randomly from the list.
    - `Crit.AnimOnAffectedTargets`, if set, makes the animation(s) from `Crit.AnimList` play on each affected target *in addition* to animation from Warhead's `AnimList` playing as normal instead of replacing `AnimList` animation.

>   - `Crit.SuppressOnIntercept`, if set, prevents critical hits from occuring at all if the projectile the warhead was detonated from a [projectile that was intercepted](#projectile-interception-logic).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - `Crit.SuppressOnIntercept`, if set, prevents critical hits from occuring at all if the warhead was detonated from a [projectile that was intercepted](#projectile-interception-logic).
```
Also I suggest to name it `Crit.SuppressWhenIntercepted` to denote clearly that crits won't work when *intercepted*, not *intercepting*.
